c:\users\niklas.atdata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\bin\Debug\SmartArchive.exe.config
c:\users\niklas.atdata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\bin\Debug\SmartArchive.exe
c:\users\niklas.atdata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\bin\Debug\SmartArchive.pdb
c:\users\niklas.atdata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\niklas.atdata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
c:\users\niklas.atdata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.MahApps.dll
c:\users\niklas.atdata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
c:\users\niklas.atdata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\niklas.atdata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\niklas.atdata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\niklas.atdata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\niklas.atdata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
c:\users\niklas.atdata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\obj\Debug\SmartArchive-Desktop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\niklas.atdata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\niklas.atdata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\niklas.atdata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\obj\Debug\SmartArchive_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\niklas.atdata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\niklas.atdata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\obj\Debug\SmartArchive.g.resources
c:\users\niklas.atdata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\obj\Debug\SmartArchive.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\niklas.atdata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\obj\Debug\SmartArchive-Desktop.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\niklas.atdata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\obj\Debug\SmartArchive.exe
c:\users\niklas.atdata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\obj\Debug\SmartArchive.pdb
c:\users\niklas.atdata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.pdb
c:\users\niklas.atdata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\obj\Debug\SmartArchive_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\niklas.atdata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\z6zrw\Source\Repos\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\bin\Debug\SmartArchive.exe.config
C:\Users\z6zrw\Source\Repos\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\obj\Debug\SmartArchive.exe
C:\Users\z6zrw\Source\Repos\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\obj\Debug\SmartArchive.pdb
C:\Users\z6zrw\Source\Repos\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\bin\Debug\SmartArchive.exe
C:\Users\z6zrw\Source\Repos\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\bin\Debug\SmartArchive.pdb
C:\Users\z6zrw\Source\Repos\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Users\z6zrw\Source\Repos\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
C:\Users\z6zrw\Source\Repos\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.MahApps.dll
C:\Users\z6zrw\Source\Repos\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\z6zrw\Source\Repos\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\z6zrw\Source\Repos\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
C:\Users\z6zrw\Source\Repos\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Users\z6zrw\Source\Repos\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.pdb
C:\Users\z6zrw\Source\Repos\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\z6zrw\Source\Repos\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\z6zrw\Source\Repos\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\obj\Debug\SmartArchive-Desktop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\z6zrw\Source\Repos\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\z6zrw\Source\Repos\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\z6zrw\Source\Repos\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\z6zrw\Source\Repos\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\z6zrw\Source\Repos\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\obj\Debug\SmartArchive_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\z6zrw\Source\Repos\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\obj\Debug\SmartArchive.g.resources
C:\Users\z6zrw\Source\Repos\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\obj\Debug\SmartArchive.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\z6zrw\Source\Repos\SmartArchive\SmartArchive\obj\Debug\SmartArchive-Desktop.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
